Hey, good morning, family. How are y'all doing today? Well, praise the Lord, it's November 1st. I have some things on my heart today, y'all.
I didn't come on and do the video yesterday and give it to you; I had it made, and my son had it all edited and ready, but I just didn't feel peace about releasing it.
There is a lot that's happening in the realm of the spirit right now, and I believe it's very important to be accurate.
It's very important to be accurate for what the Lord has for you all, and I want to make sure there's no flesh involved.
When I'm hearing and seeing some of the things I'm seeing, it is heavy.
Instead of just going out and saying something quickly and not praying over it more, I just felt to pray more.
I just wanted to make sure what I'm hearing has no flesh involved, you know, because it is very important to be accurate in this.
You all, I have a lot of people watching, and it's just like, 'Okay God, this is...
holy cow.'You know, you want to keep... it's like I told my son after he got it all done.
He goes, 'Dad, are you going to release that heavy word?'and I said, 'You know, I'm not going to allow the devil to torment me about it, but I'm going to keep interceding for this today and see if the Lord has more to say.'So, I'm going to give part of it.
I'm going to give you some of the things that the Lord showed me.
Now, it's important that you listen carefully and think about what I'm going to say.
Take everything I say to God in prayer—everything. Pray about it, and if it does not witness with you, put it on a shelf.
Now, if it witnesses with you, then continue even more to help me pray over this, okay?
And I'll give you the good part first because I was excited about this: a Great Awakening.
But I was shown the Senate and the House. I was shown President Trump giving Christians great favor in his presidency. I was shown that this would be a time of a Great Awakening.
A Great Awakening is coming to America, a Great Awakening is coming to Europe, a Great Awakening is coming to Asia—to all over.
But the Lord showed me that the prayers that we prayed in the month of October were weighing out in the spirit realm, in the courts of heaven.
And the Lord said to me, 'The prayers that have come before Me, the scales of time, it swayed in the heavenlies concerning the timeframe.'And the Lord was showing me that he's giving us an extended time of grace to go forth and bring forth the revival of what he's calling the great revival, a Great Awakening.
But he said the birthing pains would increase now even more, and I saw people dropping like gnats because of—man, this is heavy—an acceleration of the birthing pains.
I'm telling you all, it is time for you to have your house in order and your lamps full of oil. It is not a time to play church anymore.
It's time to wake up and be on fire for him because I'm telling you, there's no room for compromise. The decision has been made.
From what I have seen, when he talked about the grace, it was about not letting the judgment of the Tribulation come forth yet.
He said, and I saw it in the spirit realm, the way he was doing it was he was allowing there to be more time for a harvest.
The way he was saying it, he said, 'Your prayers have come before Me concerning America, and the decision has been made.
The decision has been made, Brandon. I have made my decision on what I'm going to do concerning America.
The decision has been made, son.'And he showed me, like I said, going into the first year of President Trump's presidency, I saw great revival breaking out on the Senate floor.
I saw prayer—Holy Ghost-filled prayer—being led by preachers and allowing the church...
because the church is the one that came out and voted for Trump.
A lot of them were the ones that prayed him in, and he honors the church.
He honors the body of Christ in a way that no other president has ever done.
When this manifests and when this takes place in the Senate and the House, I'm telling you there was a radical move of God in the Senate and the House of America.
There were people—I'm talking senators and congressmen and women—getting born again and baptized in the Holy Ghost on the Senate floor and in the House.
I'm talking a supernatural move of God takes place. A shaking takes place.
An awakening takes place in Congress with healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory—a glory explosion.
I'm talking like a glory explosion. And you say, 'How? Is there separation between church and state?'I'm talking there isn't!
There is a glory explosion, and the glory of the Lord shows up in Congress, and it shows up in the White House, and it shows up on the White House lawn, and it shows up at the mall attractions.
And you say, 'How is that possible?'I'm just telling you the presence of the Lord—I saw the presence of the Lord moving mightily in Washington, D.C., and it started to spread throughout all of America.
I saw a move of God even in our own state senates and our own house of representatives, and all the things that we have in our own states with our governors and our mayors. I'm talking a spread in certain states of the glory.
Now, I'm not saying every state's going to be that way, but there were key, certain places where I'm telling you there is an awakening unto God that's about to take place.
The Lord said, 'You must still pray for President Trump, for they will try to attempt to take him out again.'But this will be in his presidency, when he is president, when they feel that the Secret Service is relaxed and not as on heightened alert.
Because right now it's like all hands on deck; they're in heightened alert, watching out and making sure he is really protected.
But whenever people become more relaxed during easier times... it's not as intense as the campaign trail.
So I saw another attempt coming within the year or two of his election cycle, whenever he is president, and the Lord said, 'You must intercede for him.'You cannot take your foot off the gas concerning praying for his protection and angelic protection concerning this man or his family, because the enemy is looking for an inroad at all costs to kill, steal, and destroy.
So we have a mission to do at all times to keep him covered with the blood of Jesus because of the plots of the wicked. I saw him concerning the Ukrainian war.
I saw him trying to strong-arm Putin, and I heard in the spirit realm, 'He must handle Putin with delicacy.'That's the way I saw it, because of landmines in the natural—not concerning him, but I'm talking about ticking things that have gone on further than what they should have.
Things in the political realm overseas have gone on further than what they should have.
People have jockeyed for position and established themselves as tyrants more than what they should have.
The lack of prayer, the lack of leadership, the lack of our own leadership over this nation over the last four years has caused dictators and foreign leaders to get strongholds in certain areas that they should never have gotten.
They have established more of a foothold, so it will not be able to be handled in the natural the way that he would like to.
I'm telling you there are backroom deals and there's darkness that he will go into not knowing now, because not all things have been revealed to him, that he will find out as he steps into his office concerning this.
There is stuff that will be uncovered, the Lord showed me. So, we pray for President Trump for wisdom.
We pray for our Senate to win. We pray for Kari Lake. The Lord showed me more about the judges.
There will be great decisions made by judges concerning recounts, fairness of ballots, and legal activity concerning the ballots.
We have to pray over these judges to make unbiased opinions concerning political party—that they would make decisions about the law of the land, not about political affiliation.
Say, 'Well, I'm left-leaning. I'm a left-leaning judge, so I'm going to go with the left.'Or 'I'm a right-leaning judge, and I'm going to go with the right.'No, stay with the law.
Stay with the law and do what the law says, and don't go with political pressure or opinion.
So, we pray for those judges even now. And that Kari Lake would stand up and stand for the unborn.
I saw her swing more towards the left because of political pressure and from the people who are surrounding her concerning pressure from people trying to sway votes.
And the Lord said, 'This will cost her because of the fact that she's opening a door.'You cannot play on the devil's ground and expect favor from the devil's crowd, okay?
Especially whenever you are already a person that's very strong right; you cannot sway and have compromise and expect that compromise to balance you out and help push you over.
Because the way I saw it in the spirit realm, it will actually cause her to lose because it's a battle in the spirit realm.
'We wrestle not against flesh and blood,'ladies and gentlemen.
We're wrestling against principalities and powers and spiritual wickedness in high places of darkness.
We are not wrestling in the political arena; we are wrestling against that stuff, not against a certain thinking of a party. The party thinks that way because of demonic influence.
To kill the unborn is a demonic influence, so you cannot go on the devil's territory and think, 'Well, if I buddy up a little bit, if I just go and kind of compromise just a little bit, maybe that will help the people come over here.'I saw very dangerous ground with some people.
Then I saw the moment he is announced that he wins, I saw a surge in the economy—an economic surge: stock market, everything.
I saw a surge the moment he's announced. I saw like a rocket ship taking off.
I saw in the spirit the BRICS that had a plan behind closed doors waiting to see who wins.
And when they do, they were afraid of Trump, but they had a plan to try to take down the dollar still, and they were going to enact this plan.
And at this time, I heard people saying, 'Well, you missed it.
You got part right; you got a lot wrong concerning the economy, because the economy is taking off and everything looks good.'And all of a sudden the Lord said to me, 'Pay no attention to those that are mocking you.'Whatever happens, you know, when you stand in the place I do, it's bound to happen if people think you've missed it.
But I saw the house of cards fall. I saw Jerome Powell and all that stuff; it all started happening again.
But it was like when we interceded, it pushed it down the road a little, and then I saw a great collapse again.
But then I saw calendars flipping before my eyes and I saw from 2024 to 2025—I saw it like it was falling backwards, back to the 1930s again for a Great Economic Depression.
But at this time, I saw a debt crisis, a banking and loaning debt crisis, where the banks would not allow anybody to borrow from them anymore concerning houses and car notes and credit cards.
Major debt was called because people were defaulting on their payments, and I saw credit card interest go well above 30%, and people couldn't make those.
And as you didn't make your payment, they increased the interest even more for penalties.
But then I saw housing—when you tried to go and borrow loans for houses, I saw that the interest for your mortgage was well over 10%, and so people were freaking out... car notes, I saw the number 15 and higher on good credit.
So people who wanted a really expensive car above $50,000—because cars are expensive for nicer ones, even a Honda is becoming pretty pricey—people couldn't afford them.
So there was a lending freeze in the banks all over the United States concerning houses, apartments, whatever, and people were not able to get loans because the interest rates were so high.
The banks were just not loaning money, and I saw a house of cards falling, falling. And then I saw a humbling.
I heard the word 'humbling'again, and I saw people going back to their roots—core family values.
I saw families again having Leave-it-to-Beaver style homes, eating around the dinner table more so than a lot of the fast-food chains like McDonald's, which was not a bad thing, but I saw them starting to go back home and do things.
More core family values as America was shaken. And I saw a repentance at the altars.
I saw people humbling themselves before the Lord even more, praying for revival.
And the great brush arbor churches started to take place, and revival started preaching holiness back into the pulpits like it was in the 1940s and 50s, like tent revivals.
When the Lord showed all this to me, he said, 'A day of humbling.'And I'm telling you all, whenever I saw in the spirit realm even today, when the Lord was dealing with me and showing me that things were weighed in the balance—when we prayed and interceded for this last couple of weeks, it's like everybody and their brother is praying in the church and they're taking it serious.
And thank God they are, because it's happening worldwide. People are interceding for America, for the change of our nation.
And so I've seen it. I'm telling you that we've done great in prayer and that the Lord was telling me, 'Brandon, well done.
It is like you could feel the darkness being pushed.'I could feel the intercession of the prayers of the saints, people getting on their knees.
And he said in his word, 'If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways...'People are praying.
We had big prayer in Washington. So I'm believing that we'll push it back even further, that the crash will not happen like this.
When you start to see the acceleration when he wins, people are going to be rejoicing and being excited that he wins the presidency.
And people say, 'What if you're missing it and he loses on Tuesday?'Well, then I don't even know what to say, because I've seen it so clear.
I'm telling you all, President Trump wins, and I've seen it.
You can keep praying over it, but I'm telling you, it's settled in the spirit realm. I'm telling you, the people in their hearts...
there is an outcry and an awakening of a lot of people praying against the demonic, and we will see a victory.
We will. And there will be, I saw again, escalation of the wars, escalation of things.
I saw the Lord told me that the birthing pains would accelerate, that the sorrows would accelerate.
You are going to see the birthing pains as labor pains on a woman.
This stuff will still take place, and I saw pestilence and plagues.
I saw wars and rumors of wars. I saw these things tripling, getting even more so.
And he said, 'You will be okay through this; we will protect us.'But there will be a great shaking.
And there will be a lot of people go home, for the Lord told me, 'The Antichrist agenda has had a severe blow because My people prayed.'My people in the month of October prayed, and he showed me even the underground church in China prayed.
He said they were interceding on behalf of America concerning our election.
And the Lord told me the underground Asian church all throughout Asia was interceding on behalf, and I saw a great move of the spirit of the Lord in Asia again.
I saw it spreading in Seoul, Korea, and I saw a great uprising of the glory of the Lord on the Korean people, and it started to spread throughout China.
I'm telling you all, I saw a great move of his presence on the Korean people—on South Korea—even more so than when Dr.
Cho was there. A great move. So I'm excited about what the Lord has showed me, and I'm telling you all, I believe the best is yet to come.
I am excited about what he showed me about the Senate and the House and the prayers, the religious freedom of what I've seen coming to America because of our leaders and who we're putting in place.
There will be a liberty and freedom like we've never seen before.
It will go hand-in-hand with the revival that's about to take place in America, and it will spread.
I'm telling you, it's coming to South Korea; it's coming to the underground churches.
I'm telling you that there's a great move of God. So I want you all to be encouraged today.
We don't let up the gas. We keep praying, we keep seeking him, because I'm telling you, we still have work to do.
But man, have we dealt the demonic forces a blow in the realm of the spirit concerning how much stronghold they thought they had.
They are defeated by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony. I want to give praise to the Lord.
Let's just give him praise right now for all the manifestations of what's about to take place in every area of government—in our judges, in our voting—that we have the victory.
When you have a victory over something and you see fruit of it in the natural, and you can feel it turning, you give God praise for it.
So that's what we're going to do right now. Father, we just want to say thank you for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
Thank you, Father, that we have the victory. We have the victory, Lord.
We're not moved by what we see; we're not moved by what we feel; we're moved by what the Word says.
And Father, we're so grateful that there is a turning of things right now in the name of Jesus in the spirit realm. Father, we give you glory for that right now.
We thank you, Lord, that there are good days ahead of us, Father, that there is revival ahead of us, a great harvest of souls ahead of us.
Father, that the Senate and the House—there will be a great move of your presence in the Congress.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there will be a glory explosion of the glory of God.
Father, I thank you, Lord. We give you praise that there is a turning of the ship, a turning of things.
Father, we call it in right now, and we thank you, Lord, for your divine favor and your divine protection concerning Trump.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, even more so, we give you glory that everyone of the people get out and vote.
Financial blessing—we call the vote a Red Wave in Jesus'name.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for financial outpouring, for financial blessing.
Father, that this will be like a rocket ship in crypto and in every area; that there will be no demonic hindrances over the financial sector. Father, that we'll have great blessing in Jesus'name.
And even the things that you showed me, Father, about the house of cards and all the debt crisis—Father, we thank you, Lord, that we will not participate as the body of Christ; it will not affect us.
We are always hearing you; we are always prepared; we're never caught off guard.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that things will turn around concerning even the ministers and in the body of Christ, and a supernatural flow will come over our homes in Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Lord, for everything we put our hands to does and will prosper in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over the demonic spirits in the name of Jesus, and we bind you off of our land.
We bind you off of our homes. We sleep sound, and we are never tormented in our rest. Father, the people are not tormented in their rest.
I thank you, Lord, that they don't have night terrors; they don't have bad dreams.
Father, these people who are being tormented... I don't know why I just brought that up, but somebody's being tormented.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're no longer tormented by fear.
Fear tolerated is faith contaminated. We're not going to have that in our houses.
You won't have that in your house. You sleep sound; he gives his beloved sweet, restful sleep.
That's what he does. And I believe that for you—whoever this is, it's a woman.
I believe it's a woman. But I pray over your sleep in the name of Jesus. I thank you, Father, for her.
I thank you, Lord, that her mind is at peace in Jesus'name, and there's joy over her household.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that their children will sleep well and that they are not tormented in their homes.
Father, if they're single or widowed or whatever, I thank you, Lord.
Even in married couples, Father, some people need help sleeping. We thank you, Lord, insomnia is not a part of their life.
I pray over those people right now, God, that they have sweet sleep over their homes.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that their babies get restful sleep. It's important.
We thank you, Lord, that we just take all our care out of our prayer. We take the care of our lives...
for a lot of us, being so careful, being tormented by care—care about finances, care about the world, care about the environment, care about everything—Father, we take the care out of our lives and we rest in you.
We rest in what you did for us. Father, we have peace that passes all understanding.
Thank you, Lord, that you're taking care of them over every area of their life.
Lord, Father, I thank you, Lord, for good words. We thank you, Lord, for good days.
We thank you, Lord, for our churches, for the churches are having bumper-to-bumper with people, Father, because people are going to be coming to hear the good news.
Lord, we believe we receive it in the name of Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, that the senators and the congresspeople in every area will have an overflow harvest of votes. Father, we thank you, Lord, that the judges...
we pray over their hearts, and we say, Father, we thank you that the judges will do what the law says to do and that they won't have a sway for either political party, just staying in the middle and doing their job right.
We thank you, Father. We thank you, Lord, for a fair, upright election, and we thank you, Lord, that it's settled in the spirit.
And Lord, as we go into this holiday season, Father, I thank you there'll be great rejoicing in the homes, in the families, Father, for we'll see the fruit of the joy of what we've been believing for will come to pass at last in Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Lord, that there are no hindrances. Father, we pray, all demonic spirits are bound in the name of Jesus as we stand on our authority.
This will not be a long, drawn-out process of counting ballots, but Father, it will be a quick work, a quick work.
And we'll know within a 24-hour period who our senators will be, our House representatives, Father, and the President of the United States of America will be decided within a 24-hour period after the election.
And we will not be lacking any good thing, going, 'Well, we got to wait for weeks and weeks and weeks'like we did before.
No, no, we will hear and we will know in Jesus'name. And we thank you, Lord, that your angels are going before us and they're making a way in Jesus'name, even in this.
And all illegal ballots will be tossed out in Jesus'name. In a Red Wave, Pennsylvania, and Father, we pray over Atlanta, over Georgia, and over all of it.
Tennessee, Father, we thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord, Oklahoma and Texas—Ted Cruz. We pray over Ted Cruz that he wins by a landslide.
Father, I call 23,000 votes extra—I don't know why that number came up, but I saw it—23,000 votes in Jesus'name for Ted Cruz, extra. And Lord, we just believe we receive this.
And Lord, even more of a Red Wave even in California that they can't even explain, and that they'll look back and say, 'I've never seen this before,'in Oregon and California and Washington, Colorado.
Father, I thank you, Lord, over Mexico and over Arizona, a Red Wave in Jesus'name.
Lord, we give you praise for it. Father, over all New York. Father, even the people of New York are fed up and ready for change.
Father, I thank you, Lord, we call it in. For we pray over Florida, that Florida will stay red and be strong red in Jesus'name.
Father, we give you praise for North Carolina and South Carolina and over Virginia. Lord, we give you praise.
Father, over Minnesota and over Michigan—Father, I thank you, Lord, for a Red Wave in Michigan, a Red Wave in Minnesota, over Maine and over Rhode Island and over all the areas, Father, up north, Connecticut.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a Red Wave in Jesus'name. I thank you, Father, there would be such a landslide victory that there will not be no way to even contest it.
And even over the computers and the Dominion voting machines, we pray fairness, that there's no hacking and that, Father, it would flow and there's no hacking in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father, we consider it done. And I believe it, that this is as we enter into our weekend: Saturday, Sunday, Monday, and then we're there.
We have three more days. This will be over. This will be over in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we tell you, Satan, you stay under our feet. We have the victory in the name of Jesus.
And everybody say, 'Amen and amen.'And I thank you all for praying with me.
I believe we have the victory, and it is settled in the heavens in Jesus'name.
Well, I appreciate you all sticking around and hearing what I had to say and what I feel like the Lord told me.
And if you could subscribe, we really appreciate it, y'all.
We're believing for a million prayers—to pray with us even after the election—a million people to pray on a day-to-day basis.
And I'm telling you, I've seen a great harvest of souls in Asia.
I'm telling you a great number of people will flow and start watching this channel from South Korea.
The Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon, I'm raising up in South Korea.
There's a big thing about to take place in South Korea and in underground churches.'I'm telling y'all that in China. And I thank the Lord for it.
So if you could subscribe, click the notification bell, click the like button, comment something nice down below, and remember that Jesus is a healer.
Believe it and receive it, that Jesus is a healer in every area of your life, that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever, ladies and gentlemen.
If he was healing the sick 2,000 years ago, he'll heal the sick today.
So I want you to be encouraged that the sky is not falling, Chicken Little.
Things are turning around. God has got this. It's good. There are good days ahead, and I want you to be encouraged.
And we're going to start praying for Israel a lot more. I really believe we need to pray for Israel and over the peace of Jerusalem.
And I feel the assignment—what we're doing for America, we're going to see some big fruit this week as we go into this week.
And we're going to have a good turnout in Jesus'name. Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. God bless you all and have a wonderful day, and we'll see you all tomorrow. Bye-bye.